clarify when on hold (#672)
MicrosoftDocs/Viva: Viva/connections/home-site-plan.md

> - You must have an Enterprise (E) or Frontline (F) license type to create a Viva Connections experience. Users with a basic Microsoft 365 subscription (E license) are limited to creating one experience. Users are required to have a Microsoft Viva suite or Viva Communications and Communities license in order to create two or more experiences (up to ten). See [Microsoft Viva plans and pricing](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-viva/pricing) for more info.
> - Viva Connections does not have any requirements to get started.
> - You must have Global Admin or SharePoint admin permissions to access the Microsoft 365 admin center.

> >If you’ve already created the communication site and are ready to specify it as your home site now, learn how to [set up Viva Connections in the Microsoft 365 admin center](set-up-admin-center.md).
> > If the site is on hold, you'll receive an informative error and you wont be able to set the site as home site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If you’ve already created the communication site and are ready to specify it as your home site, learn how to [set up Viva Connections in the Microsoft 365 admin center](set-up-admin-center.md).
> - If the site is on hold, you'll receive an informative error and you won't be able to set the site as your home site.
```
